hey guys it's Vic how you doing I wanted
to talk to you today about traps a lot
of people are telling me that having a
hard time training their traps and
getting any quality development from
their traps and I wanted to do a little
bit of an experiment with you right now
and hopefully that experiment will shed
some light on how you really should
approach the exercise anew so I want you
to do a shrug for me right now without
any weights in your hands just do a
shrug lift your shoulders up very
naturally and up hold it down again up
hold it down again up hold it down again
up hold it down again up hold it down
okay now if you felt that little
exercise more than you do when you're
doing a set in the gym with weights it's
a telltale sign that you're using too
much weight if you're using too much
weight you're probably picking up the
energy of the exercise in their hands
your shoulders your lower back and maybe
even your core and even in your legs so
what you want to do is try to pick a
weight that you can actually recreate
the sentence same sensation that you got
when you were doing the exercise without
weights and that's a pretty good proxy
for any other exercise as well if you
can feel the exercise more without ways
there's a good chance that you're using
two heavy weights when you're actually
doing the exercise in the gym so why
don't you try to do this
start small try to find a weight that
you can still feel that sensation with
and then work your way up the stack so
what you want to try to do is find the
heaviest weight possible without losing
the sensation once the sensation goes
away you will be able to see that the
weight gets transferred from the area
you want to work on to other parts of
the body so you want to find the
heaviest weight possible but at the same
time having the same sensation that you
felt when you do the exercise without
weights I think it's a great way to try
especially if you're not getting the
most you can out of your trapped workout
so I wish you guys all the best peace
love and mussels visit me a mix natural
say hello on Facebook and please take
care of yourself bye
you